#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   kombu
asgiref==3.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
attrs==22.2.0
    # via pytest
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    # via
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-celeryutils
certifi==2022.12.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
cffi==1.15.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   pynacl
charset-normalizer==3.0.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
click==8.1.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   click-didyoumean
    #   click-plugins
    #   click-repl
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
click-didyoumean==0.3.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-plugins==1.1.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
click-repl==0.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
code-annotations==1.3.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
coverage[toml]==7.2.0
    # via pytest-cov
ddt==1.6.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/edx/edx-lint/master/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -c requirements/constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-crum
    #   django-model-utils
    #   djangorestframework
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   jsonfield
    #   super-csv
django-crum==0.7.9
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   super-csv
django-model-utils==4.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-celeryutils
    #   super-csv
django-waffle==3.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
djangorestframework==3.14.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   super-csv
edx-celeryutils==1.2.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   super-csv
edx-django-utils==5.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   super-csv
edx-opaque-keys==2.3.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
exceptiongroup==1.1.0
    # via pytest
idna==3.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
jinja2==3.1.2
    # via code-annotations
jsonfield==3.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-celeryutils
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
markupsafe==2.1.2
    # via jinja2
mock==5.0.1
    # via -r requirements/test.in
newrelic==8.7.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
packaging==23.0
    # via pytest
pbr==5.11.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   stevedore
pluggy==1.0.0
    # via pytest
prompt-toolkit==3.0.37
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   click-repl
psutil==5.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pycparser==2.21
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   cffi
pymongo==3.13.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-opaque-keys
pynacl==1.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   edx-django-utils
pytest==7.2.1
    # via
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==4.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-django==4.5.2
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-slugify==8.0.0
    # via code-annotations
pytz==2022.7.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   celery
    #   django
    #   djangorestframework
pyyaml==6.0
    # via code-annotations
requests==2.28.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   slumber
simplejson==3.18.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   super-csv
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   click-repl
slumber==0.7.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
sqlparse==0.4.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   code-annotations
    #   edx-django-utils
    #   edx-opaque-keys
super-csv==3.0.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   pytest
urllib3==1.26.14
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   requests
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   amqp
    #   celery
    #   kombu
wcwidth==0.2.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   prompt-toolkit
